Let us write a program to find  gcd of two numbers. for that and I'm taking two variables m and n
then cout i will say enter 2 numbers then cin taking two numbers.
m and n. now logic already we know how to do that.
So we have to go on subtracting either n from m or m from n until they both  becomes equal.
So while m is not equal to n.
if M is greater than n, IF m  is  a greater value, then from m subtract n and and store the value in m only
...
else if n is greater than m and n is a greater number than in n subtract m from n then store
the result in
n, once they become equal they will stop.
So if they're not equal you will continue.
If they're not equal this condition will be true if they are equal the condition will be false and loop
will stop.
And after this loop we will say cout now either m or n both of them are having the answer the actual
numbers m and n are lost.
We have decreased them right.
We have made them both of them equal.
So simply I will give a message that is gcd is.
We don't have original numbers.
If you want to preserve original number then you can take them in some other variables before running off
loop.
So this is GCD.
Let us run the program and see.
I'll give 2 numbers 21.
So 7 is a factor of 21 and 35 7 is a factor of 35,  see 7 is gcd is the answer.
Let me try once more and give some different numbers.
Heere i will write endl
now here two numbers.
I'll give nine.
So factor is three.
One factor is three as well as 7 seven so the common highest factor is three.
So yes GCD is three.
That's it.
You can try this program by yourself.